Why do I need a job?
	to pay the bills
	and work towards my future goals

What kind of salary level do I need to sustain myself?
	Any

What kind of job security level do I need to sustain myself and my family?
	Any

How desperate am I to get a job right now?
	Low to Moderate


Why do I want a job in web development?
	to earn large amounts of money and have a good work/life balance

What kind of career path do I want to have?
	web developer -> software engineer -> entrepreneur -> ycombinator -> Fortune 100

Do I want to work in a developer-led organization (vs sales- or business-led)?
	doesn't matter

Do I prefer working in a team environment or remotely?
	either or

Do I like working long hours / weekends or 9-6?
	I want a standard schedule without substantial overtime

Is the work more important than the people?
	Equally important

Do I have to care about the product I'm building?
	Partially

Do I have to care about the technologies I'm using?
	Yes

Do I prefer an "easy" work environment or one where I'm constantly pushed?
	pushed

Do I want "creature comfort" incentives like free food and beer at the office?
	doesn't matter

Do I have to enjoy my work or can I power through a crappy job?
	need to enjoy my work


Necessary
1) The job can not be a dead-end job. There must be room for growth in responsibility, salary, and learning.
2) The job must have a good team culture. Team members must be mature and have strong communication skills, with my boss competent and supportive.
3) The pay must be sufficient for me to meet my bills and pay for personal hobbies.
4) The job must offer decent benefits: vacation days, 401k, and good health insurance.

Nice
1) Literally any other perks are nice




How hungry am I?
	very

How good am I at building back end code?
	light to moderate at the moment

How good am I at putting together front ends?
	weak

Can I solve really technical problems like brain teasers and algorithms?
	with practice and thought, yes
	on the spot, probably not super well

Have I built projects that display a good range of skills?
	I need to build several more PERSONAL projects

Do I know people who can recommend me?
	yes

Am I a good people person who builds relationships easily?
	yes

Do I portray an aura of confidence or act shy?
	confidence

Do I tend to undersell myself and my capabilities?
	no

Do I have a broad level of general tech knowledge?
	I need to expand it more

Am I very familiar with a particular technical or industry vertical? (Usually career switchers have one)
	yes, Pizza and Restaurants

Do I tend to procrastinate or do I just get shit done?
	varies on the day

Do I wait to ask for help or do I go out and find the answer on my own?
	I find the answer on my own

Do I lean in to challenges or avoid them?
	Most days I fight those challenges

What are some really difficult problems I've solved before?
	working with a completely hostile team
	overcoming extremely high sales
	motivating an unmotivated team
	without making money, programming every single day to keep on learning no matter what


Note: remember to not sound desperate