Learning Outcomes
  How do you open the DevTools in Chrome? In Firefox?
  What do you press to point to elements in the page and have the HTML highlighted?
  What do you press to switch to different viewports?
  What are the 9 DevTools panels and what are they each for?
  In the 'Elements' panel, why is the "Styles" tab useful?
  In the 'Elements' panel, why is the "Computed" tab useful?
  In the 'Elements' panel, why is the "Event Listeners" tab useful?
  What is the Console?
  What are breakpoints?

DevTools
  Random
    You can change the network speed in Chrome DevTools
    The listed CSS is from most specific to most general

  Tools
    1) Elements
    2) Console
    3) Sources
    4) Network
    5) Performance
    6) Memory
    7) Application
    8) Security
    9) Audits

    Elements
      view DOM tree
      edit DOM elements
      view and change CSS rules
      view and change element's box model

    Console
      log diagnostic information in the development process
      shell prompt to interact with document and DevTools
      various settings to improve workflow such as filtering, execution contexts, clearing/saving history, condensing vs timestamps of repeated messages

    Network
      provides insights into resources that are requested/downloaded over the network
      in real time

    Audits
      analyzes a page as it loads
      provides suggestions and optimizations for decreasing page load time

    Sources
      inspect resources that are loaded in the page
      interact with HTML5 Database, Local Storage, Cookies, AppCache, etc

    Performance
      optimize performance by recording and exploring events that happen during the lifecycle of a site

    Memory
      profiles memory usage and tracks down leaks

    Application
      inspect all loaded resources including IndexedDB or Web SQL databases, local/session storage, cookies, Application Cache, images, fonts, and stylesheets

    Security
      debug mixed content issues, cert problems, etc


Persistent Authoring
  https://developers.google.com/web/tools/setup/setup-workflow
  map resources served from a local webs erver to files on disk

Debugging with Javascript
  You can set breakpoints on the DOM, Event Listeners, and more
  this will stop the code in the Sources tab on the relevant line of code
  there are then buttons to step through the code to help you navigate

  Types of Breakpoints
    Line of Code              - pause right before exact region of code
                              - on the Sources tab, for a specific file, click on the line number
    Conditional Line of Code  - above, but only when some condition is true
                              - same as above, except right-click -> 'add conditional breakpoint'
    DOM                       - on code that changes/removes a specific DOM node or its children
                              - on the Elements tab, right-click and 'Break on...'
                              - Subtree Modifications or Attributes Modifications or Node Removal
    XHR                       - when an XHR URL contains a string pattern
                              - on the Sources tab, expand the XHR Breakpoints section, and add a breakpoint
    Event Listener            - on code that runs after an event is fired
                              - on the Sources tab, expand the 'Event Listeners Breakpoints' section and check any
    Exception                 - on the line of code throwing a caught/uncaught exception
                              - press the 'Pause on exceptions' button in the Sources tab
    Function                  - whenever a specific function is called
                              - insert debug(functionName) in the code or from the DevTools console

XHR: XMLHttpRequest
