UX
  Users can do things:
    effectively
    efficiently
    with satisifaction

optimize by talking to users and evaluating metrics

Learning Outcomes
  What is design?
    a method of problem solving

  What is user experience?
    a user's experience with a system

  What's the difference between UX and UI?
    UI is a User Interface
    UX is User Experience
    UX is more sciency, the skeleton, and UI is more design, the cosmetics
    A UI without UX is a painter slapping paint onto a canvas without thought
    a UX without UI is the frame of a sculpture with no paper mache on it
    products start with UX followed by UI

  What are the three things UX is meant to focus on?
    users can do things effectively, efficiently, and with satisfaction

  What is visual hierarchy and why is it so important for websites?
    the priority of viewing content
    the most important content is at the top of hierarchy, which should be seen first, then directs you to the next element in the hierarchy

  What are the primary ways to achieve visual hierarchy?
  using CRAP
    by using color, contrast, texture, shape, position, orientation, and size
    you organize elements on a page so a user gets a sense of visual importance

  What is the design hierarchy pyramid?
    a pyramid that prioritizes the most important elements of design, taken from Maslow's hierarchy of eneds

  What are the CRAP factors of effective layout and what are they used for?
    Contrast - helps establish a dominant item i.e. the focal point
    Repetition - establishes a clear sense of unity, consistency, and cohesiveness
    Alignment - makes design feel cleaner instead of chaotic
    Proximity - move things closer/further to achieve an organized look


Ten Principles of 'Good Design'
  innovative
  makes a product useful
  aesthetic
  makes a product understandable
  unobstrusive
  honest
  long-lasting
  thorough
  environmentally friendly
  as little design as possible


Wireframes: connect information architecture to the visual design of a website/app
  help establish functionality and the relationship between different screen templates of a product
  focus on kinds of information, range of functions, relative priorities of information/functions, rules for displaying information, and effect of different scenarios on the display

A good user interface never draws more attention to itself than enforcing user goals

UX incorporates aspects of psychology, anthropology, sociology, compsci, graphic design, industrial design, and cognitive design
  goal is to create a seamless, simple, and useful interaction between a user and a product

Testing UX
  Are customers confused using your site?
  Does a competitor have a better UX?
  Are you losing customers over time?

UX Essentials
  1) Visual Design - use striking visual elements to help convey your message and information to guide decisions
  2) Information Architecture - organize the information on your site meaningfully and optimize its navigation
  3) Market Research - What does your target audience like/dislike?
  4) Interaction Design - Create a friendly interface based on expected user behavior
  5) Usability - make sure people can properly navigate through your site to maximize accessibility

HCI = Human-Computer Interaction



UX Techniques
  A/B Testing
  User Surveys
  Wireframes/Prototypes
  User Flow Charts
  Storytelling
  Design Patterns
  Profiling Users
  Content Inventory
  Content Style Guides


Design
  design = communication
  remove visual clutter
  principle of signal-versus-noise to remove nonessential elements
  empty space is important
  contrast hihglights elements
  repetition gives unity and organization
  alignment connects elements visually for a clean and organized look
  group related items


Contrast
  can come from size, color, among many other things



UX = product is useful, usable, and meaningful
UI = product looks nice
